Update manage-deployment-of-add-ins.md (#4194)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/manage/manage-deployment-of-add-ins.md

2. Select **Deploy Add-in** at the top of the page, and then select **Next**.
 
    > [!NOTE]

>     > The admin center is getting updated to deployment experience with Integrated Apps .The Integrated Apps is supposed to be visible for Global administrator only, while for others the old experience still exist. If you don't see the above steps, go to Centralized Deployment section by going to **Settings** > **Integrated apps**. On the top of the **Integrated apps** page, choose **Add-ins**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > The admin center is getting updated to deployment experience with Integrated Apps. Integrated Apps is only visible to Global administrators, while for others the old experience still exists. If you don't see the above steps, go to the Centralized Deployment section by going to **Settings** > **Integrated apps**. On the top of the **Integrated apps** page, choose **Add-ins**.
```
